blog_avion = "My next plane ticket has just been booked! I fly in March to the Philippines. I am currently in the process of preparing for my next trip:
what are the places I would like to discover, which itinerary to choose and in which cities to sleep, which domestic flights I will book to move between 
the islands etc. A trip by plane is an action that is anticipated and prepared a minimum. We can also face hazards, and it is important to know how to react. 
I indicate in this article various and varied tips on the theme of air travel. During the flight, the time may seem long, especially depending on the duration
 of your trip. Take something to take care of, and what not to be embarrassed (Quies balls can be useful). Also, feel free to get up from time to time if you need
 to stretch your legs. Be aware that the toilet is unavailable during take-off and landing, take precautions. A tip, always carry a photocopy of your passport, 
it can help in case of loss or theft that would occur during the trip. We also often talk about flight delay or cancellation. The wait seems endless in these cases, 
and travelers too often lack information. It is therefore necessary to try to take his evil in patience. Delayed plane, cancelled flight,companies like Indemnflight 
can help you get compensated. Note that the delay must be more than 3 hours for compensation to be possible. The advantage of going through Indemnflight is that experts 
take care of the administrative procedures for you, and they know the rights of passengers well. Note that they are paid only when the compensation is validated. 
You therefore delegate the management of the request, and then pay them in return a part of the compensation. I personally have only 2h30 maximum of delay to my credit, 
and have never tested the claim. Finally, the loss of luggage is also a thorny subject! If you do not find it at the exit of the plane, go to a counter available at 
the airport to report it and find a solution. The price of a plane ticket varies a lot depending on many factors. The level of demand, the time of year, the day and 
time of booking and the booking time before the departure date are very important elements to take into account if you have in mind to make a good deal when booking 
your flight. To learn more, I advise you to read this article from my travel blog: How to find a cheap plane ticket? Follow these 11 tips! When booking your flight, 
check that the formalities of entry into the desired country are feasible on time (example: a visa application must be made in advance), and that your identity card 
and/or passport will still be valid. Note that for many destinations, the passport must often be valid for a period of 6 months from the date of arrival. It is advisable 
to book flights well in advance. You rarely get a good deal when you buy a plane ticket a few days before departure. And in this case we take the risk of no longer having 
a place. In the case of my next trip to the Philippines, it is for these reasons that I will soon book the 2 domestic flights. Especially since I am going to travel with 
the national airline, and I have the impression that the weight of the luggage allowed is less than the 23 kg allowed on my international flight. I must therefore take 
this into account. Finally, it is necessary to pay attention to the information provided during the reservation. An error on the last name, or a time on the dates 
can be expensive, there is in this case a risk of paying extra to make this type of change, or even having to cancel your trip. First of all, find out a little in 
advance about how you will reach the airport (car + parking, bus, train...). When packing your suitcase, try to think of everything you will need on the spot. 
Also be aware that some products are prohibited in cabin baggage (liquid products greater than 100ml, knives etc.). Check the airline's website for an exhaustive list, 
and avoid having certain products confiscated. It is advisable to arrive 1h30 to 2h in advance for short or medium haul flight. 2h to 3h are recommended for international 
flights. This delay varies according to several elements: is your plane ticket ready or are you going to do the formalities at the airport? Do you have luggage to drop off 
at the counter? How big is the airport and in which area will you board? To help you and go further, discover the guide: practical tips for flying the first time: the steps 
to follow at the airport. Do you have any other tips to share when flying? Or adventures to share? Feel free to indicate them in the comments."